README.md, before:

# Teleport Commands <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MrSn0wy/TeleportCommands/main/common/src/main/resources/teleport_commands.png" alt="Teleport Commands Logo" width="30"/>


A Minecraft Fabric and NeoForge server-side mod that adds various teleportation related commands, like /home /tpa and /back

### This mod is still in beta, if there are any problems then let me know!

#### Currently available commands:

- `/back` -  Teleports you to the location where you last died
<br>

- `/sethome <name>` - Creates a new home
- `/home [<name>]` - Teleports you home, if no name is giving it will go to the default home
- `/delhome <name>` - Deletes a home
- `/renamehome <name> <newName>` - Renames a home
- `/homes` - Shows a list of your homes
- `/defaulthome <name>` - Sets the default home
<br>

- `/tpa <player>` - Sends a tpa request to another player
- `/tpahere <player>` - Sends a tpaHere request to another player
- `/tpaaccept <player>` -  Accepts the tpa/ tpahere request of that player
- `/tpadeny <player>` - Denies the tpa/tpaHere request of that player

<br>

### TODO:

#### Planned commands:
- `/wild` - Teleports you to a random location in the Overworld
- `/worldspawn` - Teleports you to the worldspawn
- `/spawn <dimension>` - Teleports you to your spawnpoint in a dimension, defaults to your current dimension

#### Improvements:
- Modify /back to check if the location is safe and automatically choose a nearby location that is safe
- Create a config to add any delays and disable commands, also add commands for operators in game
- Add translation file
- Improve responses for commands
- Add a perm system
- Limit tpa requests for a player
- Add Quilt support and maybe NeoForge

Commit message:

a lot of stuff
Added translation system, added quilt support, improved messages, improved performance by changing the death event to be player specific (not on all entities), replaced all events with mixins...

 i need to make a changelog

README.md, after:

# Teleport Commands <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MrSn0wy/TeleportCommands/main/common/src/main/resources/teleport_commands.png" alt="Teleport Commands Logo" width="30"/>


A Minecraft Fabric and NeoForge server-side mod that adds various teleportation related commands, like /home /tpa and /back

### This mod is still in beta, if there are any problems then let me know!

#### Currently available commands:

- `/back` -  Teleports you to the location where you last died
<br>

- `/sethome <name>` - Creates a new home
- `/home [<name>]` - Teleports you home, if no name is giving it will go to the default home
- `/delhome <name>` - Deletes a home
- `/renamehome <name> <newName>` - Renames a home
- `/homes` - Shows a list of your homes
- `/defaulthome <name>` - Sets the default home
<br>

- `/tpa <player>` - Sends a tpa request to another player
- `/tpahere <player>` - Sends a tpaHere request to another player
- `/tpaaccept <player>` -  Accepts the tpa/ tpahere request of that player
- `/tpadeny <player>` - Denies the tpa/tpaHere request of that player

<br>

### TODO:

#### Planned commands:
-[ ] `/wild` - Teleports you to a random location in the Overworld
-[ ] `/worldspawn` - Teleports you to the worldspawn
-[ ] `/spawn <dimension>` - Teleports you to your spawnpoint in a dimension, defaults to your current dimension

#### Improvements:
-[ ] Modify /back to check if the location is safe and automatically choose a nearby location that is safe
-[ ] Create a config to add any delays and disable commands, also add commands for operators in game
-[ ] Add a perm system
-[ ] Limit tpa requests for a player
-[x] Add translation system
-[x] Improve responses for commands
-[x] Add Quilt support and NeoForge


### Want to help?

#### You can create a Translation file so other people can use the mod in their native language
1. Clone the repository
2. Go to `common/src/main/resources/assets/teleport_commands/lang/`
3. Go to [here](https://minecraft.wiki/w/Language) and pick the in-game locale code for the language you want to translate
4. Copy `en_us.toml` and paste it in a new file called `[in-game locale code here].toml`
5. Translate the file
6. Submit a pull request with your translation :D!
