common/src/main/resources/assets/teleport_commands/lang/translations.md, before:

### Translations
Heya! here is some information about how you can make a translation or modify an existing translation!

I also want to thank everyone who made a translation for this mod! This makes the mod more accessible for everyone.

Things to know:
- The "%number%" are placeholders, The number indicates what it needs to be replaced with.
- funny things are allowed, as long as they don't make the mod less accessible or cluttered!

#### Want to make a translation?
1. Make a fork of the mod
2. Go [here](https://minecraft.wiki/w/Language) and pick the in-game locale code for the language you want to translate
3. Copy `en_us.json` and paste it in a new file called `[in-game locale code here].json`
4. Translate the values in the file
5. Submit a pull request with your translation :D!

#### Want to improve an existing translation?
1. Make a fork of the mod
2. Modify the existing translation in the mod
3. Submit a pull request with your changes :D!


#### Credits
- English (en_us): [Mr. Snowy](https://github.com/MrSn0wy)
- Dutch (nl_nl): [Mr. Snowy](https://github.com/MrSn0wy)
- Hungarian (hu_hu): [Martin Morningstar](https://github.com/RMI637)
- Italian (it_it): [Vlad Andrei Morariu](https://github.com/VladAndreiMorariu)
- Russian (ru_ru): [rfin0](https://github.com/rfin0)
- Traditional Chinese (zw_tw): [hugoalh](https://github.com/hugoalh), [Dicecan](https://github.com/Dicecan)
- Simplified Chinese (zh_cn): [Dicecan](https://github.com/Dicecan)

Commit message:

Stuff is starting to work even more, fixes

common/src/main/resources/assets/teleport_commands/lang/translations.md, after:

### Translations
Heya! here is some information about how you can make a translation or modify an existing translation!

I also want to thank everyone who made a translation for this mod! This makes the mod more accessible for everyone.

Things to know:
- The "%number%" are placeholders, The number indicates what it needs to be replaced with. (For example `Tpa%0%` will become `TpaHere` or `Tpa`, this allows the translations to be more flexible)
- funny things are allowed, as long as they don't make the mod less accessible or cluttered!

#### Want to make a translation?
1. Make a fork of the mod ([Guide here](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/working-with-forks/fork-a-repo#forking-a-repository))
2. Go [here](https://minecraft.wiki/w/Language) and pick the in-game locale code for the language you want to translate. (for example: `en_us`)
3. Copy `en_us.json` and paste it in a new file called `[in-game locale code here].json` (in the same directory!)
4. Translate the values in the file (`"commands.teleport_commands.XX.XX": "Translate this!",`)
5. Submit a pull request with your translation :D! ([Guide here](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request#creating-the-pull-request))

#### Want to improve an existing translation?
1. Make a fork of the mod ([Guide here](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/working-with-forks/fork-a-repo#forking-a-repository))
2. Modify the existing translation in the mod
3. Submit a pull request with your changes :D! ([Guide here](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request#creating-the-pull-request))


#### Credits
- English (en_us): [Mr. Snowy](https://github.com/MrSn0wy)
- Dutch (nl_nl): [Mr. Snowy](https://github.com/MrSn0wy)
- Hungarian (hu_hu): [Martin Morningstar](https://github.com/RMI637)
- Italian (it_it): [Vlad Andrei Morariu](https://github.com/VladAndreiMorariu)
- Russian (ru_ru): [rfin0](https://github.com/rfin0)
- Traditional Chinese (zw_tw): [hugoalh](https://github.com/hugoalh), [Dicecan](https://github.com/Dicecan)
- Simplified Chinese (zh_cn): [Dicecan](https://github.com/Dicecan)
